Jenkins - Docker - Kubernetes

 Q1) Can you proceed about your educational Background 
        Where are you from 
        How many years of experience
        What you are good at like AWS - AZURE - GCP
 Q2) which is your primary skil AZURE or GCP or AWS
 Q3) have you worked on writing Jenkinsfiles - declarative pipelines - Dockerfiles
 Q4) What makes the difference between Docker and Kubernetes
 Q5) How do you manage the 99.99% uptime on the application
 Q6) Java based application - thats working fine in local and pushed into Dev 
                                       In Dev its working fine
                                       Later once moved to staging its giving runtime exceptions
                                       What could be the issue?
                                       Will it be devops configuration issue?
                                       Or will it be java code issue? Who needs to take the action immediately
    Build status is success in the pipeline,                                                                                                                                                                                                 How you make sure the application run as expected
                                   What are the steps which you will check
  Q7) How confident you are at GCP? 
  Q8) How long you are not associated with your previous organisation and 
         Why is there 4 months of GAP?
  Q9) Why you left your previous job?
  Q10) what is your expected CTC? In technical Round
  Q11) How will you provide the github access to the resources
  
GITHUB - JIRA - JENKINS setup need to be perform 
What are the steps you can perform its based on GCP CLOUD and you are the only point of contact.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Have you faced a situation where a Docker image works in a lower environment but fails in a higher environment? How did you troubleshoot and fix it?
5. What is a Docker base image, and how do you decide which base image and version to use?
8. What kind of issues have you faced in Docker or Kubernetes production, and how did you resolve them?
11.Difference between Docker and Kuberenetes

2. How do you debug an application that is not working after deployment on Kubernetes?
3. What steps do you follow when a Kubernetes pod goes into CrashLoopBackOff or ImagePullBackOff?
4. If application load suddenly increases in Kubernetes, how do you handle scaling using HPA or VPA?

6. Can you explain the CI/CD pipeline you have worked on from code commit to Kubernetes deployment?
7. How do you design a multibranch or multi-stage pipeline where different branches deploy to different environments?

9. What monitoring tools have you used, and how do they help in identifying and resolving issues?
10. How do you authenticate your CI/CD pipeline with GCP and push Docker images to the registry?
